c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\obj\Debug\SharpXNA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpXNA.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpXNA.pdb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\ColorMine.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\CSVorbis.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\ColorMine.pdb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\CSVorbis.pdb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\Lidgren.Network.pdb
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\Lidgren.Network.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\obj\Debug\SharpXNA.dll
c:\users\dean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharpXNA\SharpXNA\obj\Debug\SharpXNA.pdb
